hey everybody this is Dave from cook and
chair and today we're making up these
delicious golden brown potato pancakes
I love these served up on the weekend
with some eggs and sausages I know
you're gonna love them so let's get
started oh I'm going to get started by
peeling the potatoes now you want a
fairly starchy potatoes so russet seemed
to work about the best but you can use
any kind so what you need to do now is
grate them up and if you have a box
grater that works just perfectly and I'm
just going to set these aside in a
colander over a bowl just to let the
water drip out and if they start to
brown a little bit I wouldn't worry too
much about it because when you fry them
they're gonna Brown anyway you just want
to work a little bit quickly next I'm
going to take a medium size onion and
grate it up as well add the onions into
the potatoes and I'm just going to pick
the mixture up with my hands and work
this until the potatoes and onions are
nicely combined now the trick to a
potato pancake is to get all the water
out so what I'm going to do is just take
a couple of minutes and continuously
squeeze this so I get as much water out
as possible until I got a texture just
about like this and this is pretty dry
and if you look here you can see how lot
of starch and water has come out of this
next I'm going to add a tablespoon of
flour in followed by an egg season it
with salt and you can adjust it
according to your taste fresh ground
black pepper once again to your taste
I'm a pepper lover so I'm going to put
lots in half a teaspoon of garlic powder
of course I'm going to take my spatula
and fold everything together alright now
that our mixture is ready I'm going to
add some oil to a preheated pan I've got
a scoop about three tablespoons of the
mixture into the pan
then just kind of flatten it down and
form it into a patty using the back of
your spoon and I'm going to let this fry
over medium high heat for about four
minutes just until it's golden brown
well these are frying up don't forget to
click subscribe and never miss a recipe
then we're going to flip it over to the
other side and fry it for an additional
four minutes oh what's the potato
pancakes are a crispy golden brown I'm
going to set them aside on a plate lined
with a paper towel oh and there you have
it our delicious crispy and golden brown
potato pancakes a great breakfast idea
head on over to cook and share calm for
this recipe and many more recipes don't
forget to click to subscribe and like
our videos thanks for watching and see
you next time
you